@c Copyright 1992, 1993 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
@c This file is part of the documentation for the GAS manual

@c Configuration settings for all-inclusive version of manual

@c switches:------------------------------------------------------------
@c Properties of the manual
@c ========================
@c Discuss all architectures?
@set ALL-ARCH
@c A generic form of manual (not tailored to specific target)?
@set GENERIC
@c Include text on assembler internals?
@clear INTERNALS
@c Many object formats supported in this config?
@set MULTI-OBJ

@c Object formats of interest
@c ==========================
@clear AOUT
@clear BOUT
@set COFF
@clear ELF
@clear SOM

@c CPUs of interest
@c ================
@clear A29K
@clear H8/300
@clear H8/500
@clear SH
@clear I80386
@clear I960
@clear MIPS
@set M1750 
@clear M680X0
@clear Z8000
@clear SPARC
@clear VAX
@clear VXWORKS
@clear HPPA

@c Does this version of the assembler use the difference-table kluge?
@set DIFF-TBL-KLUGE

@c Do all machines described use IEEE floating point?
@clear IEEEFLOAT

@c Is a word 32 bits, or 16?
@clear W32
@set W16

@c Do symbols have different characters than usual?
@clear SPECIAL-SYMS

@c strings:------------------------------------------------------------
@c Name of the assembler:
@set AS m1750-coff-as
@c Name of C compiler:
@set GCC m1750-coff-gcc
@c Name of linker:
@set LD m1750-coff-ld
@c Text for target machine (best not used in generic case; but just in case...)
@set TARGET m1750-coff
@c Name of object format NOT SET in generic version
@clear OBJ-NAME
